A harlot's room at the Cursed Hammer inn, in the dwarven village of Gundabund, in a nearby realm.
A dining room in the Palace of Khali, in a nearby realm.
Somewhere on Chariot Side in the elven town of Orthon, in a nearby kingdom. The street is strangely empty and silent.
A harlot's room at the Black Scroll inn, in the dwarven town of Kinbarukth, in a distant kingdom.
A lord's suite in the elven castle of Barad Lico, in a distant realm.
Somewhere on Mire Circus in a nearby village. The street is filled with smoke and flames from a burning tavern.
A dining room in Chedale Keep, in a nearby realm.
A furrier's shop in a nearby dwarven village.
Somewhere on Post Way in the city of Bygate, in a distant realm. The street is crowded with a caravan of merchants and pilgrims.
A chandler's shop in the dwarven village of Naramunz, in a nearby realm.
A wizard's room at the Warrior's Pipe inn, in the town of Eantcot, in a distant realm.
A wizard's tower, guarded by earth elementals, in a nearby dwarven village.
A garden in Gwali Keep, in a nearby realm.
Somewhere on Dragon's Side in the city of Pebrook, in a nearby kingdom. The street is crowded with drunken brawlers and the town guard.
A harlot's room at the Shepherd's Staff inn, in the dwarven village of Bundushaz, in a distant realm.
Somewhere on Dragon's Lane in the village of Waford, in a nearby kingdom.
A garden in Byney Castle, in a distant realm.
Somewhere on Baker's Side in the dwarven village of Agnarskali, in a distant realm. The street is crowded with merchants hawking their goods.
A library in the dwarven village of Vindiskali, in a distant kingdom.
A dining room in Tacot Castle, in a nearby realm.
The common room at the Minstrel's House inn, in a nearby village.
A library in a nearby village.
Somewhere on Beggar's Alley in the elven city of Anan, in a distant kingdom.
A gallery in the Estate of Magli, in a nearby realm.
A kitchen in the Palace of Gwari, in a distant kingdom.
A gatehouse in a nearby dwarven town.
A lady's suite in the Palace of Hiley, in a distant kingdom.
Somewhere on Lamp Close in a nearby dwarven village. The street is filled with a foul stench.
A garden in the Palace of Glinain, in a distant kingdom.
Somewhere on Trim Close in a nearby dwarven village.
A lady's suite in the Estate of Ethyns, in a distant kingdom.
A lady's suite in the Palace of Narvi, in a nearby kingdom.
A brothel in a nearby dwarven village.
A wizard's room at the Harlequin and Candle inn, in a nearby city.
A cellar in Tabrycg Keep, in a distant kingdom.
A garden in the Estate of Gwali, in a distant realm.
Somewhere on Well Avenue in the town of Diton, in a distant realm. The street is occupied by an attacking horde of goblins.
The taproom at the Crossed Hammers inn, in the elven city of Llaney, in a distant kingdom.
A garden in Gysby Stronghold, in a distant kingdom.
A cellar in the Palace of Hane, in a nearby kingdom.
A merchant's shop, filled with common goods, in a nearby dwarven town.
Somewhere on Aerie Alley in the city of Hamor, in a distant realm. The street is filled with white alchemical smoke.
A lord's suite in the elven castle of Barad Mithienye, in a nearby realm.
The common room at the Golden Candle inn, in the dwarven city of Tumunzar, in a distant kingdom.
A dyer's shop in the city of Mahyrst, in a nearby kingdom.
A lady's suite in the elven castle of Barad Glagil, in a distant kingdom.
The common room at the Fat Gypsy inn, in the town of Bafeld, in a distant realm.
A warrior's room at the Dreaming Trickster inn, in a nearby dwarven village.
Somewhere on Wall Stairs in the city of Beaminster, in a distant kingdom.
The kitchen at the Maiden and Cask inn, in the village of Wadun, in a nearby realm.