Hoethorp~ 1100, mostly human, some elf. The town is encircled by a crumbling stone wall. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lord Berwy. The most prominent tavern is The Sage's Tavern, on Silver Road.
Skaerisetr~ 21000, mostly dwarf, some other civilized races. Most of the city is delved into the sides of a mountain. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, who are secretly backed by a djinni named Mee'hy. Skaerisetr is renowned for its intricately carved stone towers.
Styton~ 1500, primarily human, some elf. The town is defended by a wooden palisade and moat. It is governed by a consortium of wealthy merchants, known as the Gray Synod.
Avibir~ 260, primarily troll, some other monstrous races. A major road runs through the center of the village. It is ruled by a monstrous tyrant, a female vampire named Amamen. Avibir is the home of an infamous villain, a female brigand named Gilda.
Tigildua~ 9200, primarily orc, some other monstrous races. The city is dominated by several tall towers. It is ruled by a brutal boss, an orc named Bolduf.
Llandy~ 4700, primarily elf, some human and half-elf. Most of the buildings are constructed from living trees. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, known as the House of Tomes. The most prominent tavern is The Archer and Rose, on Glass Street.
Tywood~ 480, mixed human and orc. The village sits upon an island in the middle of a lake. It is governed by an arcane sorcerer, a female human named Wynna. Tywood has seen better days, and swarms of vermin run through its streets.
Gadun~ 360, mixed human and dwarf. The village is defended by a wooden palisade and ditch. It is governed by the priests of the village temple. The most prominent tavern in the village is The Wench and Flail.
Taford~ 9100, primarily human, some dwarf. The city is dominated by several tall towers. Two factions war openly for control of the city, several wealthy merchants and a court of aristocrats. Taford is renowned for its many soaring temples.
Heford~ 1200, mostly human, some dwarf. The town is defended by a few magical constructs and wards. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lady Saethru. The most prominent tavern is The Crossed Wands, on Harlot's Cross.Dibrycg~ 11200, mixed human and hobgoblin. The city is encircled by a crumbling stone wall. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the human lord Riffin Gery, though a council of women wields limited power. Dibrycg was devastated by a divine curse long ago, and strange shadows skulk through its streets at night.
Wawold~ 490, mostly human, some dwarf. The village is a tangle of alleys and row buildings. It is governed by a council of wealthy landowners, known as the Sapphire Parliament.
Golfimb~ 1800, mixed goblin and other monstrous races. The town is dominated by several tall towers. It has no local government.
Waheath~ 1600, primarily human, some elf and half-elf. The town sits in the fork of a large river. It is governed by a consortium of guildmasters, led by a male human named Rarder.
Arlelvik~ 24000, primarily dwarf, some human. Most of the buildings are constructed from massive stone blocks. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, led by a female human named Bori.
Kidwe~ 18000, primarily elf, some halfling. The city lies in the shadows of ancient stone statues. Two factions war openly for control of the city, a council of women and a court of aristocrats.
Beford~ 4900, primarily human, some kobold. The town is built upon a grid of streets and alleys. It is governed by a consortium of guildmasters, known as the Order of Coins.
Leheath~ 520, mixed human and elf. The village is built around a great elm tree. It is governed by a council of wealthy landowners, led by a female human named Hilda.
Ydfidd~ 4600, primarily elf, some other civilized races. The town sits within a valley, surrounded by waterfalls and forests. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, led by a female elf named Airog.
Wawold~ 1100, mostly human, some halfling. The town sits upon an island in the middle of a large lake. It is governed by a mayor, a male human named Droguy. Wawold has seen better days, and many of its buildings are derelict and crumbling.
Theimdiklif~ 2400, mostly dwarf, some human. Most of the town is delved into the sides of a mountainous crag. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the dwarf lord Gwali.
Hallkiskali~ 5800, mixed dwarf and gnome. The city is built around a stronghold of stone and iron. It is ruled by a tyrant, the gnome lord There Azedson, though several powerful sorcerers have significant influence and power. Hallkiskali is infamous for its ruthless city watch.
Golfimb~ 22, mostly orc, some other monstrous races. The thorp is dominated by a single tall tower. It is ruled by a monstrous tyrant, a lich named Gashur. Golfimb is the home of an infamous villain, a pirate named Getero.
Lepool~ 12000, primarily human, some halfling. The city is built around a great market square. It is governed by a court of aristocrats, though several legendary adventurers have significant influence and power.
Gregrove~ 340, mostly human, some elf and half-elf. The village is built around a ring of ancient stone monoliths. It is governed by a council of elders, known as the Ministry of Scepters. Many of its residents wear a yellow flower to honor Enwel, a local goddess of the sky.
Eotthyrst~ 9900, mostly human, some other civilized races. The city is a tangle of narrow streets and row buildings. It is governed by several powerful sorcerers, known as the Assembly of Seven. Eotthyrst was devastated by a magical disaster long ago, and many of its buildings stand empty or in ruins.
Icham~ 10900, mixed human and halfling. The city lies in the shadows of ancient stone statues. It is governed by a court of aristocrats, though a senate of elected representatives is the real power behind the throne. The Sanctuary of Gardens is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Batun~ 1800, primarily human, some dwarf. A few major roads run through the center of the town. It is governed by a council of elders, who are secretly backed by a dragon named Amumar.
Heusarnia~ 850, mostly troll, some other monstrous races. The village is built around a ring of ancient stone monoliths. It is ruled by a brutal boss, a troll named Vido. Heusarnia is a common stop for brigands and pirates.
Piwold~ 689, mostly human, some dwarf. The thorp is built around the statue of a chimera. It is governed by the local priest, a male human named Heaher.
Teinebekkr~ 1200, primarily dwarf, some human. The town sits upon a mountainous crag, accessible by a single bridge. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the dwarf lord Duli. Many of its residents are tattooed with an alien symbol.
Ondodrtoft~ 4300, primarily dwarf, some human. Most of the buildings are constructed from massive stone blocks. It is governed by the priests of the dominant temple.
Peton~ 11700, mostly human, some dwarf and gnome. The city is defended by a series of stone walls and gatehouses. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lord Warda. Peton was recently attacked by a terrible monster, and tormented ghosts haunt its streets at night.
Leheath~ 480, primarily human, some dwarf. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by the priests of the village temple. The people of Leheath don't like outsiders, and there are no inns or taverns here.
Untwold~ 240, mostly human, some elf. The village is defended by a wooden palisade. It is governed by the priests of the village temple.
Mybluff~ 3700, mixed human and orc. The town is encircled by a crumbling stone wall. It is governed by a council of elders, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored. The Temple of Angels is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Baburh~ 350, mostly human, some hobgoblin. The village is built around the ancient ruins of a temple. It is governed by a council of elders, led by a male human named Rancent.
Gaburh~ 200, primarily human, some ogre. The village is built around the ancient ruins of a temple. It is governed by a council of elders, whose weekly meetings often turn into drunken brawls. Many of its buildings have castle-like features to honor Haelach, a local god of war.
Treorchy~ 2000, primarily elf, some halfling. Most of the buildings are constructed from living trees. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, a djinni named Qibu. The Temple of the Silver Sky is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Bilgabar~ 660, primarily dwarf, some other civilized races. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the dwarf lord Jorni. Bilgabar has seen better days, and many of its buildings are derelict and rotting.
Ginitoft~ 1200, mostly dwarf, some other civilized races. The town is built around the ancient ruins of a temple. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the dwarf lord Duri. Ginitoft has seen better days, and many of its buildings are derelict and crumbling.
Mahyrst~ 160, primarily human, some elf and half-elf. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by the priests of the village temple.
Khathazund~ 3700, mixed dwarf and human and gnome. The town is defended by a strong stone wall and gatehouses. It is governed by the priests of the dominant temple. The most prominent tavern is The Crossed Blades, on Brick Way.
Blanwrton~ 2200, mixed elf and human. Most of the buildings are constructed from living trees. It is governed by a mayor, a male elf named Imilbor. The College of the Arcane Arts is a common destination for academics and sages.
Baragzinb~ 2100, mostly dwarf, some other civilized races. The town is defended by a strong stone wall and gatehouses. It is governed by a mayor, a male dwarf named Bodvi Halvdison. The most prominent tavern is The Gypsy and Goblet, on Marsh Chase.
Blestone~ 470, mixed human and dwarf and gnome. The village sits in the fork of a river. It is governed by the priests of the village temple. Blestone was recently struck by a divine curse, and strange shadows skulk through its streets at night.
Naramunz~ 39, mixed dwarf and halfling. The thorp is defended by a strong stone wall. It is governed by a mayor, a male dwarf named Gili.
Hoefalls~ 2700, primarily human, some hobgoblin. The town sits in the fork of a large river. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, whose weekly meetings often turn into drunken brawls. Hoefalls has several markets, mostly located along Marble Way.
Bunargund~ 280, mostly dwarf, some halfling. The village is defended by a strong stone wall and towers. It is governed by a consortium of guildmasters, known as the Council of Scepters.
Brasea~ 1300, primarily elf, some half-elf. The town is defended by a series of arcane wards. It is governed by a mayor, a male elf named Elron. The Cathedral of White Light is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Khuramunz~ 710, mixed dwarf and other civilized races. The village is defended by a strong stone wall and towers. It is governed by an arcane sorcerer, a male dwarf named Arnfingr.
Naledzar~ 4400, mostly dwarf, some human and gnome. Most of the buildings are constructed from massive stone blocks. It is governed by an arcane sorcerer, a female dwarf named Giga.
Datun~ 530, primarily human, some elf. The village sits upon a craggy outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the human lord Rancis.
Catun~ 126000, mostly human, some elf and half-elf. The city is a labyrinth of winding, narrow streets and dark alleys. Governance of the city is shared by several wealthy merchants and a noble aristocrat, the human lady Wena. Many of its residents wear a caltrop amulet to honor Anel, a local goddess of war.
Thorivik~ 63, primarily dwarf, some other civilized races. The thorp is defended by a strong stone wall. It is governed by an arcane sorcerer, a female dwarf named Ride. Thorivik is the home of a legendary hero, a rogue named Banain.
Atdale~ 130, mostly human, some ogre. The village is built around a ring of ancient stone monoliths. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the human lord There.
Formithladh~ 17000, mostly elf, some halfling. The city sits within a ring of mountains, accessible by a single pass. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, known as the Assembly of Orbs. Formithladh is renowned for its magnificent gardens.
Chayada~ 840, mostly elf, some half-elf. The village is defended by arcane wards. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, led by a female elf named Bouda. Chayada is the home of a legendary hero, a female cleric named Cora.
Choowood~ 1900, mostly human, some other civilized races. The town is built around an ancient stone statue. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, whose weekly meetings often turn into drunken brawls.
Leaheath~ 60, primarily human, some halfling. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by a council of wealthy landowners, led by a female human named Hone.
Rafeld~ 1100, primarily human, some kobold. The town is built around a granite outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lord Reward.
Dadun~ 5000, mostly human, some other civilized races. The town sits upon an island in the middle of a large lake. It is governed by the priests of the dominant temple. The Sanctuary of the Luminous Lords is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Baywood~ 110, primarily human, some halfling. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by an arcane sorcerer, a male human named Amwund.
Blabrycg~ 1500, primarily human, some other civilized races. A few major roads run through the center of the town. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored. Blabrycg has seen better days, and its brick streets are broken and pitted.
Haham~ 500, mostly human, some other civilized races. The village is defended by a wooden palisade and ditch. It is governed by a council of elders, led by a male human named Bealda. Haham is the home of a legendary hero, a female wizard named Eryn.
Inkarbyr~ 310, primarily dwarf, some other civilized races. Most of the village is delved into the sides of an outcrop of rock. It is governed by a court of aristocrats, known as the Ruby Assembly.
Gunarukth~ 340, mixed dwarf and human. The village is dominated by a single tall tower. It is governed by the priests of the village temple. The most prominent tavern in the village is The Sorcerous Hero.
Gaford~ 1400, primarily human, some halfling. The town is built around a weathered outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, led by a male human named Geoffry. The Shrine of White Light is a common destination for religious pilgrims.
Lamor~ 3900, mixed human and other civilized races. The town is built around a craggy outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is governed by a consortium of wealthy merchants, known as the Crimson Assembly. Lamor was recently attacked by a horde of monsters, and tormented ghosts haunt its streets at night.
Ingstead~ 3900, primarily human, some dwarf. The town sits upon an island in the middle of a large lake. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lord Gauwis Arrod.
Gorbul~ 77, mixed minotaur and other monstrous races. The thorp is built around the statue of a phoenix. It is ruled by a brutal boss, a female minotaur named Orbash. Many of its buildings are decorated with bones to honor Gatu, a local god of death.
Beeley~ 11400, mostly human, some halfling. The city is defended by a series of stone walls and gatehouses. Two factions struggle for control of the city, several powerful sorcerers and a noble aristocrat, the halfling lady Erin.
Ningione~ 850, mostly elf, some human. Most of the buildings are constructed from living trees. It is governed by the priests of the dominant temple. The most prominent tavern in the village is The Hunting Knave.
Ulumund~ 790, mixed dwarf and human. Most of the village is delved into the sides of a volcanic outcrop. It is governed by a mayor, a male dwarf named Frinain. Ulumund is the home of a legendary hero, a female mage named Alin.
Paleah~ 7400, mixed human and goblin. The city is defended by a stone wall and a nearby castle. Two factions struggle for control of the city, a hierarchy of priests and several powerful sorcerers.
Allinklif~ 5700, primarily dwarf, some halfling. Most of the buildings are constructed from massive stone blocks. It is ruled by a tyrant, the halfling lord Gedu.
Thorhibyr~ 1700, primarily dwarf, some halfling. The town is built around an ancient stone statue. It is governed by a consortium of guildmasters, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored.
Uzgakh~ 260, mostly ogre, some other monstrous races. A major road runs through the center of the village. It is ruled by a brutal boss, an ogre named Lurtzog.
Palliklif~ 230, mixed dwarf and gnome. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by a council of elders, known as the Ministry of Rings.
Etilsbekkr~ 4300, mostly dwarf, some human. The town is defended by a strong stone wall and gatehouses. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored.
Bundabiz~ 6700, primarily dwarf, some human. The city is dominated by several tall towers. Two factions war openly for control of the city, a consortium of wealthy merchants and a noble aristocrat, the dwarf lord Tari.
Shola~ 21000, primarily dwarf, some halfling. The city is a labyrinth of winding, narrow streets and dark alleys. Two factions war openly for control of the city, several powerful sorcerers and a noble aristocrat, a dragon named Nabi. Many of its buildings are thatched with silver heather to honor Ealarwel, a local goddess of wealth.
Rhuddly~ 6700, mixed elf and half-elf. The city is defended by a stone wall and a nearby castle. Two factions struggle for control of the city, a consortium of guildmasters and several wealthy merchants. Rhuddly has seen better days, and many of its buildings are derelict and crumbling.
Testone~ 300, primarily human, some dwarf. The village is built around a ring of ancient stone monoliths. It is governed by a mayor, a male dwarf named Piersym. Testone has seen better days, and is surrounded by charred fields.
Caerno~ 530, mixed elf and dryad. Most of the buildings are constructed from living trees. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, led by a male elf named Colla. Caerno is the home of a legendary hero, a warrior named Covi.
Ketithveit~ 27, primarily dwarf, some human and gnome. Most of the thorp is delved into the sides of a wooded hill. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, led by a male dwarf named Bali. There is a single tavern, The Beggar and Wain.
Madun~ 590, mixed human and halfling. The village is defended by a wooden palisade and ditch. It is governed by a council of elders, known as the Synod of Nine. Madun is the home of a legendary hero, a female paladin named Brona.
Hordithveit~ 430, mixed dwarf and human and gnome. The village sits upon the banks of a stream, spanned by a bridge. It is governed by a council of elders, led by a male dwarf named Haisli Vardrison.
Ucbrycg~ 4700, mixed human and elf. The town is built upon a grid of streets and alleys. It is ruled by a tyrant, the human lord Thany Wyary.
Lastead~ 60, mostly human, some halfling. The village is dominated by a single tall tower. It is governed by the priests of the village temple. The people of Lastead seek a company of adventurers to recover their possessions from a corrupt tax collector.
Bawold~ 350, mostly human, some halfling. The village sits in the shadows of a ruined castle. It is governed by a mayor, a male human named Folke.
Vinargul~ 1800, mostly elf, some human and half-elf. The town is defended by a series of arcane wards. It is governed by the priests of the dominant temple. The College of Sorcery is a common destination for academics and sages.
Scamor~ 3800, mostly human, some halfling. The town is built around a craggy outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is governed by a noble aristocrat, the human lady Wicta.
Herveskali~ 60, mixed dwarf and other civilized races. The thorp is defended by a strong stone wall. It is governed by a consortium of guildmasters, led by a male dwarf named Bifur.
Nargathel~ 1200, primarily dwarf, some gnome. The town is defended by a strong stone wall and gatehouses. It is governed by an order of knights and warriors, led by a male dwarf named Thjote.
Bakkibekkr~ 550, mostly dwarf, some human. The village is defended by a wooden palisade and ditch. It is governed by a council of wealthy landowners, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored. Many of its residents are tattooed with a dark rune.
Fraham~ 820, mixed human and bugbear. A series of low stone walls divides and encircles the village. It is governed by a council of wealthy landowners, known as the Order of Crowns. Fraham has seen better days, and is surrounded by charred fields.
Elburh~ 80000, mostly human, some halfling. The city is built around a stronghold of stone and iron. It is governed by a court of aristocrats.
Naramunz~ 670, primarily dwarf, some human. The village sits upon a weathered outcrop, accessible by a single road. It is governed by a council of elders, whose weekly meetings often turn into drunken brawls. Naramunz has seen better days, and its streets are filled with filth.
Eglallos~ 4600, primarily elf, some other civilized races. The town sits upon an island in the middle of a large lake. It is governed by a senate of elected representatives, whose bizarre laws and decrees are commonly ignored.