Name: The Broken Dagger
Location: In a market ward, surrounded by busy streets and active marketplaces. Its neighbors include the office of a female dwarf moneychanger named Syfla and the workshop of a female dwarf arkwright named Thildga Geitedotr.
Description: The inn is a two-storey stone-walled building, with finely-crafted tables and chairs. A collection of fine tapestries hangs on the walls. Accomodations consist of several large rooms with beds and woolen mattresses.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is a short male human named Artis Parre. He is a retired soldier, and often tells stories of the Crusade of Nine Rings.

Menu:
Pickled Pork and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Mead (13 cp)
Baked Phoenix and Buckwheat Biscuits, Glass of Mead (1 sp)
Baked Phoenix and Dried Grapefruit, Glass of Wine (2 sp)
Steamed Trout with Mace and Soft Cheese, Glass of Port (3 sp)

Patrons:
Ferog Gamgee: Male Halfling Assassin, Evil. Ferog has braided white hair and green eyes. He wears leather armor and wields a poisoned short sword and dagger. Ferog is talking quietly with a male halfling beggar.
Wyny: Male Human Thief, Neutral. Wyny has tangled golden hair and blue eyes, and prominent ears. He wears leather armor and wields a dagger. Wyny seeks to free himself from an ancient curse.
Thonde: Male Dwarf Wizard, Evil. Thonde has messy black hair and sharp gray eyes, and a distinctive mark on his face. He wears red robes and wields a dagger. Thonde is cursed with blindness in his left eye.
Odgeir: Male Dwarf Fighter, Good. Odgeir has a narrow face, with black hair and amber eyes. He wears banded mail and wields a short sword and heavy crossbow. Odgeir is hunting the warlord who stole his ancestral sword.
Tarie: Female Elf Cleric, Neutral. Tarie has messy silver hair and narrow green eyes. She wears chain mail and wields a flail. Tarie refers to herself in the third person.

Rumors:
Agents of Ritama have re-opened the Dark Prison of Alliarnolf.
The master of the Goldsmiths Guild is the real power behind the throne.