Name: The Crystal Tavern
Location: In a theater ward known for its bizarre performers. The street outside is lined with colorful signs and banners.
Description: The inn is a sprawling single storey wooden building, with a poorly-thatched roof and roughly hewn wooden tables and benches. Accomodations consist of a few small rooms with straw mats and straw mats near the hearth. The inn is unusually noisy, with a company of dwarven miners singing drinking songs.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is a foolhardy male dwarf named Aznal.

Menu:
Buckwheat Biscuits and Curd Cheese, Mug of Mead (2 cp)
Oat Porridge, Mug of Ale (3 cp)
Barley Porridge, Mug of Bitter (2 cp)
Vegetable Stew, Mug of Beer (4 cp)
Stewed Sausage and Millet Biscuits, Tankard of Ale (10 cp)
Boiled Sausage and Parsnip, Tankard of Beer (10 cp)
Stewed Turnip, Mug of Cider (3 cp)

Patrons:
Nessa: Female Elf Fighter, Evil. Nessa is stout, with red hair and gray eyes. She wears splint mail and wields a military pick and light crossbow. Nessa is talking quietly with a female elf aristocrat.
Glimul: Female Dwarf Fighter, Evil. Glimul has red hair and blue eyes, and a beaked nose. She wears banded mail and wields a warhammer. Glimul is a skilled dancer.
Taras: Male Halfling Druid, Neutral. Taras has silver hair and brown eyes, and a thick moustache. He wears leather armor and wields a club. Taras has a terrible sense of direction.
Aererth: Male Human Cleric, Evil. Aererth is rough in appearance, with thin blonde hair and blue eyes. He wears plate mail and wields a flail. Aererth seeks wealth and power at any cost.
Bardi: Male Dwarf Druid, Neutral. Bardi has curly copper hair and dark gray eyes. He wears leather armor and wields a scimitar and darts. Bardi is quiet, and says as little as possible.

Rumors:
Saeburg has been spending strange coins, each marked with a dark symbol.
There's a magical portal in the highest tower of the Citadel of Pazu.
An ancient weapon of the gods lies somewhere within the Dread Dungeon of the Shadow Knight.
The barmaid at the Red Cup tried to poison the town magistrate.
Dwarven miners have stumbled upon the secret temple of an ancient cult in the Beda Fells.
A vampire still lurks in the crypts beneath the ruins of Watun Tower.
The chancellor of arcana is dying of an incurable affliction.
A perpetual storm rages over the Yamif Waste.