Name: The Flask
Location: In a temple district known for its celestial processions. The street outside is lined with carved stone columns.
Description: The inn is a single storey stone-walled building, with a heather-thatched roof and dwarf-wrought iron tables and chairs. Accomodations consist of wooden cots near the hearth.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is an old female dwarf named Gimli. She knows the prophecy of the Dragon of the Nalchu Heath.

Menu:
Stewed Shrimp and Almond Bread, Tankard of Stout (10 cp)
Smoked Partridge and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Beer (11 cp)
Boiled Eggs and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Mead (12 cp)
Boiled Eggs and Curd Cheese, Tankard of Beer (12 cp)
Roasted Pork and Onions, Tankard of Stout (12 cp)
Wheat Porridge, Mug of Bitter (3 cp)
Salted Shrimp and Beetroot, Tankard of Beer (13 cp)
Millet Porridge, Mug of Beer (4 cp)

Patrons:
Banan: Male Dwarf Alchemist, Good. Banan has auburn hair and hazel eyes, and a distinctive scar on his arm. He wears tailored clothing and numerous rings. Banan avoids eye contact.
Artas: Female Elf Soldier, Good. Artas has long white hair and green eyes. She wears scale mail and wields a spear and javelins. Artas is a skilled singer.
Oldundr: Male Dwarf Craftsman, Evil. Oldundr has blonde hair and narrow amber eyes. He wears plain clothing and carries an elder staff. Oldundr seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the cunning rogue Coenburg.
Uding: Male Halfling Craftsman, Neutral. Uding has a narrow face, with white hair and sharp brown eyes. He wears well-made clothing and a red cloak. Uding is searching for his lost brother.
Othert: Male Dwarf Entertainer, Neutral. Othert has gray hair and amber eyes, and a sharp nose. He wears tailored clothing and a copper amulet. Othert seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of a caravan of exotic goods lost in the Troll Claws.

Rumors:
A trained falcon has been stealing keys.
The dragon Nina has destroyed the elven village of Redy.
The town of Arnirion secretly serves the Vampire Princess.
The reeve is conspiring to overthrow the king.
The boss of the Beggars Guild has been murdered by a red-robed assassin.
Cilia saw a mastiff with fifty heads in the Snakefen Swamp.
A pack of flesh-eating ghouls lurks in the ruins of Paleah Keep.
A horde of demons has been summoned into the Catacombs of the Wyrm Princess.