Name: The Goblet
Location: In a theater district, northwest of the Scepter Theater. Its neighbors include an enclosed stage and the burned-out ruins of a building.
Description: The inn is a sprawling single storey wooden building, with a single salvaged stone wall and only a few crude tables and benches. Several battered shields hang on the walls. Accomodations consist of a few small rooms with straw mats.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is a short female dwarf named Hilda. She secretly leads a gang of thieves and assassins.

Menu:
Stewed Hare and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Perry (9 cp)
Vegetable Stew, Mug of Cider (5 cp)
Oat Porridge, Mug of Ale (4 cp)
Roasted Duck and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Stout (10 cp)
Oat Porridge, Mug of Cider (5 cp)

Patrons:
Erard Pethey: Male Halfling Illusionist, Good. Erard has red hair and large gray eyes, and a cropped beard. He wears topaz robes and wields a quarterstaff and dagger. Erard seeks an opponent for a strange board game.
Agnildg Byridotr: Female Dwarf Fighter, Evil. Agnildg is beastly in appearance, with red hair and hazel eyes. She wears plate mail and wields a military fork. Agnildg is searching for the lost realm of Argelloth.
Ariel: Female Elf Assassin, Evil. Ariel is short and willowy, with copper hair and narrow hazel eyes. She wears leather armor and wields a club and darts. Ariel seems intent on sneaking into the cellar.
Muli: Female Dwarf Fighter, Evil. Muli has a narrow face, with messy gray hair and light amber eyes. She wears plate mail and wields a mace. Muli seeks opponents for a game of darts.

Rumors:
A caravan is expected to arrive this week, carrying elixirs to ward against lycanthropy and vampirism.
Bizarre monsters have been encountered in the Shadow Vale.
A horde of demons has been summoned into the Undercrypt of the Shadow Duchess.
A colossal ooze-like demon has been summoned into the Kharamunz Spires.
Heva was murdered by thieves in an alleyway near the Cracked Tankard.
The boss of the Carmen Guild is a descendant of Agor the Malefic.