Name: The Hog
Location: On Bowyer's Way, near the Temple of Gardens. It stands next to a consecrated monument.
Description: The inn is a single storey stone-walled building, with a reinforced wooden door. Accomodations consist of several small rooms with wooden cots and a mezzanine with several wooden cots. The inn is widely known for its adventuring patrons.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is a willowy female dwarf named Thorde. She has been stealing casks of drink from another tavern.

Menu:
Boiled Pheasant and Dried Peas, Tankard of Stout (9 cp)
Boiled Pork and Dried Carrot, Tankard of Bitter (10 cp)
Vegetable Stew, Mug of Beer (5 cp)
Smoked Chicken and Mushrooms, Tankard of Mead (12 cp)
Roasted Boar and Dried Onions, Tankard of Beer (10 cp)
Smoked Trout and Blue Cheese, Tankard of Beer (11 cp)
Boiled Eggs and Dried Carrot, Tankard of Perry (11 cp)
Roasted Shellfish and Dried Watercress, Tankard of Ale (11 cp)

Patrons:
Jago Baggee: Male Halfling Professional, Neutral. Jago is fair in appearance, with messy red hair and gray eyes. He wears fine clothing and a fox fur cape. Jago is a terrible liar.
Elenlor: Male Elf Peasant, Good. Elenlor is courtly in bearing, with straight blonde hair and soft green eyes. He wears plain clothing and a gray cloak. Elenlor seeks to discover the truth of his lineage.
Even: Female Human Professional, Neutral. Even has blonde hair and green eyes, and prominent ears. She wears modest garments and a sling of vials and potions. Even is dying and desperately seeks the secret of immortality.
Cote: Male Elf Alchemist, Neutral. Cote has a round face, with black hair and green eyes. He wears modest garments and an amulet of luminous crystal. Cote seeks only fame and glory.
Uainen: Female Elf Servant, Evil. Uainen is overweight, with thick black hair and hazel eyes. She wears modest garments and a bronze amulet. Uainen serves an ancient dragon named Bhharsuilu.

Rumors:
The town magistrate is actually a cruel werewolf.
A perpetual storm rages over the Tumunzund Crags.
The wizard Polosius's lizard is actually a polymorphed dragon.