Name: The Jade Cellar
Location: In a residential quarter, southeast of the town gate. The street outside is lined with a simple iron fence.
Description: The inn is a large two-storey timber framed building, with elf-wrought tables and chairs. Accomodations consist of several large rooms with beds and feather mattresses.
Innkeeper: The innkeeper is a heavyset female human named Eryn. She was once a wealthy aristocrat, but was disgraced and stripped of her lands and title.

Menu:
Baked Crayfish with Coriander and Date Pie, Glass of Port (4 sp)
Braised Boar and Leek, Glass of Cider (3 sp)
Steamed Boar and Poached Eggs, Glass of Whiskey (4 sp)
Braised Lamb with Sugar and Dried Pomegranate, Glass of Cider (4 sp)
Roasted Sausage and Chestnut Bread, Tankard of Beer (11 cp)

Patrons:
Fregric: Male Halfling Wizard, Good. Fregric has an angular face, with golden hair and gray eyes. He wears modest garments and wields a quarterstaff and sling. Fregric seeks an opponent for a strange board game.
Riado: Male Halfling Ranger, Neutral. Riado is rugged in appearance, with blonde hair and bright brown eyes. He wears chain mail and wields a warhammer. Riado is absent-minded, and always searching for a missing item.
Eafall: Female Human Cleric, Neutral. Eafall has uneven gray hair and blue eyes. She wears chain mail and wields a hammer. Eafall seems to be seeking omens in a deck of cards.
Dory: Male Elf Ranger, Neutral. Dory is pleasant in appearance, with cropped brown hair and soft hazel eyes. He wears scale mail and wields a flail and light crossbow. Dory is quarreling with the innkeeper about their animal companion, a gray wolf named Tilli.
Cenfa: Male Human Fighter, Good. Cenfa has a narrow face, with braided brown hair and large gray eyes. He wears chain mail and wields a military pick and javelins. Cenfa is searching for a legendary blade named Foereaver.

Rumors:
Ghosts walk the ramparts of the Tower of Beraie the Witch during the full moon.
An order of demonic cultists has opened a magical portal in the Toadmoor Marsh.
Wearda the merchant deals in magical weapons, but they're all cursed.
A new vein of mithral has been discovered in the Dela Fells.
An elven goddess has been seen in the woods outside town.
A star has fallen into the Maelstrom Sea.
A stone golem has escaped from the workshop of Psiana the Archmage.