A red dragon named Puaba. She protects the phylactery of a long-forgotten lich.
An enraged air elemental suddenly bursts through a wooden door.
A swarm of rat zombies scuttles across the floor.
A steel sword floats within a cube of ooze.
A large demonic idol with ruby eyes sits within an alcove.
A pack of zombies covered with some sort of deadly red mould.
A magical eye triggers an arrow trap.
A magical mural can be used as a portal to any known location within the dungeon.
A wraith lurks inside a deep crack in the wall.
An armored human-like skeleton slowly dissolves within a cube of ooze.
Tica, a female elf minstrel wandering the world. She has been silenced by an unreasonable mage, and begs for help.
An approaching caravan suddenly explodes in a fireball.
A male halfling hermit named Edwalph. He has an animal companion, a crazed cat named Bieliah, God of the Earth.
A ladder of shelf mushrooms leads up the side of a tree to a dark hollow.
Ferdo Cotton, a humble male halfling peddler of goods. He is searching for his lost son.
A silver fox with feathered wings chases a fire drake through the sky.
Galuthien, a female elf shepherd searching for her missing flock. She has stumbled upon a buried coffer of dwarf-gold.
Vorosaer, a male elf minstrel wandering the world. He believes that his poetry can alter fate.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Temple of Gardens. They are unusually well-armed, and seek to destroy the temple.
A gang of brigands led by the remorseless killer known as The Knife. They are accompanied by a stone golem.
A group of peasants repairing a gate. They are quarreling about whether the baron has always been a vampire.
A savage cyclops lurks in the ruins of a watchtower.
A female halfling pilgrim named Audreys. A murder of ravens circles above him.
An old crone stands beside the road, offering apples for a few coins.
Funda, a male dwarf shepherd searching for his missing flock. He has broken his ankle in a goblin's trap, and begs for help.
Wolda, a male human bounty hunter tracking a gang of brigands. He has lost his way, and begs for help.
A male dwarf hermit named Aringr. He is wearing a bird's nest on his head.
The road ahead is lined with red toadstools and dancing motes of light.
A female elf minstrel named Celothel. She seeks to fulfill an ancient prophecy of evil.
A herd of goats wearing carnivale masks grazes in a field.
Ineth, a female human peasant laborer. She is carrying a hammer and a bottle of fine wine.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Shrine of Gardens. They seek to advocate law and order.
Thalfo, a male halfling hunter tracking a wolf. He has become trapped by a hunter's snare, and begs for help.
A male dwarf pilgrim named Hori Starkison. The world becomes eerily silent as he approaches.
A male dwarf hermit named Linain. He believes that he is the king of the realm.
The ruined village of Speminster. The streets of the village are filled with clouds of biting flies.
A giant eagle watches the road from atop the ruins of a tower.
A pack of hunting dogs flees in panic from a silver fox.
A black cat walks along the road, carrying a shard of sapphire.
The ground suddenly quakes and a volcanic fissure opens across the road.
The road ahead is blocked by two caravans, who are arguing over right-of-way.
A massive crater has been blasted into the road here.
A knight-errant of the royal guard is hunting the cunning rogue known as The Panther.
The bridge ahead suddenly collapses into a raging torrent of water.
Ainger, a female elf minstrel wandering the world. She has an animal companion, a hunting dog named Ilmis.
The ruins of the Sanctuary of Gardens. A pack of ghouls dwells in the crypts, and emerges to hunt at night.
A female dwarf hermit named Ibrorgg. She has an animal companion, a gray toad named Gavriel, God of Resurrection.
The ruined village of Zirazah. Several buildings have disappeared into a wide chasm.
A group of mourning peasants, burying a corpse beneath the road.
A male dwarf hermit named Thari. He lives in an an earthen hut built around a monolith of quartz crystal.
An ancient runestone stands beside the road, wreathed in magical flame.
As a maiden gathers stones, they appear to transform into snakes.
Umrak, a male dwarf minstrel wandering the world. He plays a silver flute which produces birdsong.
A stray flock of sheep flees in panic from a giant eagle overhead.
Withered corpses hang from the branches of a gallows tree.
A gang of brigands led by the brutal murderer Heoda. They have recently attacked a wandering enchantress, and been made her slaves.
Veldia, a female elf trapper hunting rabbits. She has been wounded by a goblin's arrow, and begs for help.
Darwiu, a male human trapper hunting rabbits. He has been entrusted with a magical scroll by a dying wizard of the College of the Sorcerous Arts.
A female human hermit named Aefef. She has an animal companion, a horned toad named Arwellas, Goddess of Healing.
A goat with feathered wings perches in a tree, nibbling on leaves.
A gang of brigands led by a male elf named Saeranwe. Each of them is wearing a lionskin cloak.
Khudu, a male dwarf bounty hunter tracking a gang of brigands. He has been wounded by a brigand's blade, and begs for help.
The road ahead is lined with red toadstools and floating motes of light.
Gilgali, a male elf shepherd searching for his missing flock. He has seen a strange omen, and seeks to learn its meaning.
As a maiden gathers stones, they appear to transform into flowers.
A male halfling minstrel named Hado. He plays a copper lyre strung with lightning.
A group of peasants repairing a gate. They have angered a swarm of hornets, and beg for help.
A gang of brigands led by the remorseless killer known as The Wolf. They are accompanied by a stone golem.
Rumwiu, a male human peasant farmer. He has accidentally poisoned his goat, and begs for help.
Elros, a male elf herbalist collecting plants. He has broken his ankle in a goblin's trap, and begs for help.
The road ahead passes through rows of ancient obelisks engraved with arcane runes.
The road here is strewn with jagged shards of metal.
The road ahead passes through a tunnel filled with impenetrable magical darkness.
A female halfling pilgrim named Marget Jamoor. A murder of ravens circles above him.
A group of peasants laboring in a field. Each of them is wearing the holy symbol of a long-forgotten monstrous god.
Ilmil, a female elf peasant farmer. She is actually a malevolent devil in disguise, who seeks noble heroes to mislead and corrupt.
A priest stands beside the road, offering blessings for a few coins.
A caravan of merchants led by a male elf named Aramdil. They have been attacked by a green dragon, which destroyed all of their wagons.
A female dwarf hermit named Khari. She possesses the strange ability to transform into an earth elemental.
A caravan of nomads in brightly-painted wagons blocks the only bridge over a river, and demands a toll to pass.
A group of peasants travelling to the village of Zarakzar. They have angered a swarm of hornets, and beg for help.
A murder of ravens seems to be fighting over a magical crystal.
A female elf peddler named Oged. She is selling strange maps and arcane scrolls.
A herd of wild horses grazes nearby, each marked with an arcane rune.
A male elf peddler named Lomothel. He has become trapped by a hunter's snare, and begs for help.
A caravan of merchants led by a male elf named Penlenwe. They are carrying racks of weapons and armor to the tower of the mage Enon.
The ruined village of Sadun. Every door has been marked with a rune of plague.
A silver fox perches atop a stone shrine, watching the road.
Curio, a male elf minstrel wandering the world. He has an animal companion, a black rat named Ariel.
Dwarf miners have accidentally opened a barrow and awakened a wight.
A female dwarf hermit named Moeidga. She lives in an a stone hut with battlements crafted from sticks and tattered rags.
A gang of brigands led by the legendary thief Wulfwe. They have recently attacked a vampiric aristocrat, and been transformed into lesser vampires.
A female dwarf hermit named Atlag. She lives in a gloomy cave.
A wooden crate lies abandoned beside the road. It is bound by chains and strange padlocks of cold iron.
A gang of brigands led by the remorseless killer Agnercanda. Each of them is wearing a cloak of woven shadows.
The ruins of Gatun Keep. The castle is surrounded by flickering motes of shadow.
A field shrew nibbling on insects beside the road suddenly sneezes a burst of lightning.
A male human hermit named Geoffry. He believes that he can speak with animals.
An arrogant knight-errant demands directions to the Citadel of Zago.
A group of peasants laboring in a field. They are quarreling about when the local tax collector should be murdered.
The ruins of the Abbey of Gardens. The altar has been crudely defiled with dark symbols.
A manticore feasts upon the corpses of a knight and his charger.
A tree stands beside the road, bearing strange skull-shaped fruit.
Bely, a female human peasant laborer. She is wearing travel-stained robes, which she believes are magical.
The ruins of Oslardr's Deep. Candlelight flickers in a high window of the tower.
A caravan of merchants led by a female human named Ethed. They are escorted by a company of heavily-armed soldiers.
A gang of brigands led by the cunning rogue Deorwiu. They have recently attacked a travelling illusionist, and now believe that they're surrounded by elemental warriors.
Veldua, a female elf peasant laborer. She is carrying an ancient skull set with gems, which she found in her field.
A shepherd appears to be moving a flock of invisible sheep.
An approaching carriage is ambushed by orcs.
A charger with an empty saddle flees in panic from a manticore.
Beriu, a male elf peasant laborer. He is busy counting his herd of sheep.
A female dwarf peddler named Draga Sviglidotr. She is trying to sell a young waif recently rescued from changelings.
Alfwef, a humble female human peddler of goods. She seeks adventurers to clear her name against charges of murder.
A huge brown bear stands in a sunlit clearing, watching the road.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Monastery of the Empyrean Sky. They seem friendly and welcoming, but are actually cultists who seek sacrifices for their fell god.
A caravan of merchants led by a male human named Johny. They have been attacked by a gang of ogres, which destroyed all of their wagons.
A corrupted cedar tree stands within an old cemetary. Many humanoid skulls have been hung from its branches.
The road ahead suddenly collapses into a web of winding caverns.
A male dwarf hermit named Orinn. He lives in an a wooden hut near a pool of cold water.
An ancient milestone overgrown with blood-sucking assassin vines.
A corrupted willow tree has grown from the ruins of a tower. A company of undead warriors stands watch over it.
A wyvern crudely disguised as a red dragon by a gang of goblins.
The ruins of the Monastery of the Astral Lords. The temple is surrounded by rotting corpses impaled upon spears.
A female dwarf pilgrim named Shudu. She has stopped along the road to perform a summoning ritual.
A female dwarf minstrel named Astag. She has lost her voice to an elven sorceress, and begs for help.
Lyne, a humble female halfling peddler of goods. She is very drunk, and speaking fluent draconic.
A hunting dog bays over the corpse of its master, slain by arrows.
A knight-errant of the royal guard, riding backwards upon his horse.
The ruins of the Cathedral of the Silver Sky. A pack of ghouls dwells in the crypts, and emerges to hunt at night.
Endar, a humble female elf peddler of goods. She is trying to sell a dwarven shield which grants immortality.
A magical eye hovers next to a rune-carved monolith, watching the road.
Folke, a humble male human peddler of goods. He has lost his way, and begs for help.
An approaching wizard suddenly vanishes.
A female human hermit named Hilda. She believes that an entire world exists inside her bag.
A female elf peddler named Inen. She has become stuck by a burst cask of alchemical glue, and begs for help.
Someone has scrawled "Death comes on silent wings" on a tree.
A female halfling hermit named Risca Cotton. She lives in an an earthen hut built around a monolith of quartz crystal.
Sigga, a female dwarf minstrel wandering the world. She believes that her songs forestall an ancient prophecy of evil.
A group of peasants gathering firewood. Each of them is wearing a wide belt with numerous pockets and pouches.
Arwellan, a humble female elf peddler of goods. She is very drunk, and excessively friendly.
A female dwarf hermit named Gudbja Horidotr. She lives in an a wooden hut with battlements crafted from sticks and tattered rags.
The ruined village of Cheawick. The streets of the village are filled with clouds of stinging flies.
An approaching carriage is ambushed by brigands.
A gang of brigands led by a male elf named Galioneth. Each of them is wearing a dragonskin cloak.
A wooden crate lies abandoned beside the road. It contains the corpse of a female elf, completely drained of blood.
A passing wagon suddenly breaks under the weight of several crates filled with weapons and armor.
The ruins of Seri's Deep. The castle is occupied by an army of hobgoblins.
Caicha, a male elf herbalist collecting plants. He has fallen into an abandoned cellar, and begs for help.
Kella Kellison, a male dwarf herbalist collecting plants. He has become trapped beneath a fallen tree, and begs for help.
A caravan of merchants led by a female human named Wilthru. They have discovered that their cargo of crated tools is actually weapons for a rebellion.
There is a fork in the road here, unmarked on any map.
A male human hermit named Nulfa. He lives in an an earthen hut engraved with geometric patterns.
A wyvern flies overhead carrying a screaming male elf.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Pantheon of Angels. They seem friendly and welcoming, but are actually necromancers who seek to raise an undead army.
A wooden crate lies abandoned beside the road. It contains the still-beating heart of a dragon.
A weeping maiden named Isan Harpyl begs for help. Her father's inn has been commandeered by a company of mercenaries.
A cloud of toxic spores surrounds the fungus-covered corpse of an infamous brigand.
Mera, a female human minstrel wandering the world. She has stumbled upon a buried coffer of dwarf-gold.
Toadstools grow beside the road, each marked with an evil symbol.
Someone has scrawled "four, three, eight, one, eight" on a rock.
The road here is strewn with giant teeth.
A weeping dryad named Nissa begs for help. Her forest is being attacked by cruel goblins.
A flock of sheep gathers defensively around several looted wagons.
A female halfling minstrel named Camay. She has an animal companion, a dancing ferret named Rose.
Thasvi Keteson, a male dwarf vagabond wandering the world. He has found a golden ring, which he believes is magical.
A caravan of merchants led by a female dwarf named Therde. They are escorted by an unusually large group of heavily-armed mercenaries.
As a maiden gathers stones, they appear to transform into apples.
Sengrib, a male halfling peasant laborer. He is carrying a large sack from which moaning can be faintly heard.
A male halfling peasant named Hamse. He is wearing a steel ring, which he believes is magical.
A great white hart stands amidst the ruins of a tower, watching the road.
A caravan of merchants led by a male human named Robern. Their wagons are not pulled by oxen, but by enslaved ogres.
An approaching bard seems to be fleeing from a mob of angry peasants.
The road ahead is blocked by a grim warrior, who challenges anyone who would dare to pass.
A female dwarf minstrel named Narvi. She has an animal companion, a clockwork songbird named Thrinan.
Toadstools grow beside the road, each marked with a dark symbol.
Riffolk, a male halfling trapper hunting weasels. He has been wounded by a brigand's blade, and begs for help.
The ruined village of Fredithorp. The village is occupied by a horde of ogres.
Roda, a male dwarf herbalist collecting plants. He has been wounded by a brigand's blade, and begs for help.
Kari, a female dwarf trapper hunting foxes. She has become trapped by a hunter's snare, and begs for help.
The ruins of the Monastery of Gardens. A pack of ghouls dwells in the crypts, and emerges to hunt at night.
A wagon lies abandoned beside the road, covered in green mould.
A fire elemental seems to be dancing in the charred ruins of a tower.
A female dwarf minstrel named Malmfra Kiridotr. She has lost her lyre to a gang of brigands, and begs for help.
A wealthy aristocrat, escorted by an ornate iron golem.
A twisted cedar tree stands beside the road. A flickering flame rests within a dark hollow.
A black cat walks along the road, carrying an elder wand.
Critia, a humble female elf peddler of goods. She is very drunk, and talking to a tree.
A female dwarf peddler named Kamah. She is searching for her lost daughter.
Alwel, a female elf minstrel wandering the world. She plays a copper lyre strung with lightning.
Coinmi, a male elf on pilgrimage. He is actually a malevolent devil in disguise, who seeks noble heroes to mislead and corrupt.
A herd of goats wearing extravagant ballgowns grazes in a field.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Abbey of Angels. They have stopped along the road to perform a summoning ritual.
A cloud of toxic spores surrounds the fungus-covered corpse of a wealthy merchant.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Sanctuary of Euphoria. They seem friendly and welcoming, but are actually cultists who seek sacrifices for their fell god.
A gang of brigands led by the notorious highwayman known as The Snake. Each of them is armed with a jagged dagger engraved with dark glyphs.
A female halfling artisan named Bera Buck, building a whimsical fairy garden.
The road here is covered with huge claw marks.
A caravan of merchants led by a female dwarf named Aznad. They are carrying ingots of iron and other metals from the Dyra Plains.
Arral, a female dwarf peasant farmer. She is busy counting her fingers.
Gerey, a male halfling on pilgrimage. He seeks to follow the moon wherever it leads him.
Several gargoyles lurk within the ruins of an ancient temple.
The temperature suddenly drops greatly.
A great murder of ravens suddenly takes to the air, cawing madly.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Cloister of the Eternal Lords. They are unusually well-armed, and seek to guard the temple against the evil of Mara.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Monastery of Eternal Light. They are escorted by several great lions.
Rose, a female human on pilgrimage. A murder of ravens circles above him.
A wyvern flies overhead carrying a screaming male halfling.
A group of peasants gathering berries. They have been poisoned by toadstools, and beg for help.
Lumi, a male elf minstrel wandering the world. He believes that every meeting is an omen, for good or for ill.
A red squirrel nibbling on berries beside the road suddenly sneezes a burst of lightning.
The ruins of Nightmoor Tower. The walls of the castle are overgrown with assassin vines.
A male elf pilgrim named Aras. He is actually an aristocrat of the realm, who is waiting to meet his secret paramour.
Kenti, a humble male elf peddler of goods. He is searching for his lost daughter.
Toxic mould has overwhelmed the ruins of a wizard's tower.
Gylan, a male halfling minstrel wandering the world. He has found a moonstone ring, which he believes is magical.
A merchant caravan flees in panic from a manticore overhead.
An angry earth elemental suddenly appears and attacks without reason.
Sappha Rubbairn, a female halfling on pilgrimage. She seeks to see all the stars in all the skies of the world.
A twisted maple tree stands beside the road. A company of undead warriors stands watch over it.
A heavy grey fog suddenly rises from the ground.
A gang of brigands led by the legendary thief Dene. They are accompanied by a stone golem.
A male halfling pilgrim named Imard. He is travelling to the Pool of Dreams to be healed of a cursed wound.
A female dwarf minstrel named Ride. She has angered a crowd of peasants, and begs for help.
Frede, a female dwarf vagabond wandering the world. She has become trapped by a hunter's snare, and begs for help.
A gang of brigands led by the notorious highwayman Wynna. They are only interested in stealing tomes and spellbooks for an evil wizard.
The ruins of Minas Ebonwel. The castle is occupied by an army of orcs.
The road here is strewn with blood-soaked clothing.
The road ahead passes through a verdant garden of flowering trees and hedges.
Several giant eagles circle high overhead.
The ruined village of Nargathund. The village is occupied by a horde of trolls.
Kharkad, a female dwarf hunter tracking a wolf. She has found a bloodstone ring, which she believes is magical.
Skeletal oxen drag a caravan of derelict wagons along the road.
A tough ettin accompanied by a gang of orcs.
The ruins of the Pantheon of Eternal Light. The walls of the temple are overgrown with thorny vines.
There is a fierce gust of wind as an air elemental rushes past.
Thrukal, a humble male dwarf peddler of goods. He seeks adventurers to rescue his daughter from a gang of slavers.
The road ahead suddenly collapses into an ancient and long-forgotten dungeon.
Ephes, a male human on pilgrimage. He is travelling to the Spring of Mirrors to be healed of a cursed wound.
A male elf pilgrim named Eleliod. He has stopped along the road to perform a divination ritual.
A magical eye hovers in a circle of standing stones, watching the road.
A male human peddler named Arcrehrt. He is trying to sell a miniature gargoyle.
A corpse is impaled upon a pike, completely drained of blood.
A female halfling peddler named Arira Marchill. She has been ambushed by a gang of brigands, and begs for help.
The temperature suddenly drops slightly.
A group of pilgrims travelling to the Shrine of Songs. They have stopped along the road to perform a summoning ritual.
A female elf pilgrim named Malla. She is actually an evil doppelganger, who intends to murder the king of the realm.
The ruins of the Abbey of the Astral Lords. An elven maiden has been recently sacrificed upon the altar.
A female halfling peddler named Munda. She has accidentally set her cart on fire, and begs for help.
The road ahead is blocked by a company of petrified adventurers.
The road here is strewn with bent copper coins.
Magla, a male elf herbalist collecting plants. He has stumbled upon a buried coffer of dwarf-silver.
An arrogant knight-errant demands directions to Saburh Stronghold.
Gride, a female dwarf minstrel wandering the world. She is actually a malevolent devil in disguise, who seeks sacrifices for its fell lord.
The ruins of the Temple of Songs. The last archpriest still dwells within, but has become a werewolf.
A pack of restless ghouls lurks in the shadows, waiting for prey.
A wyvern watches the road from atop a tall volcanic outcrop.
A female human hermit named Wenna. She lives in an an earthen hut engraved with geometric patterns.
A gang of brigands led by a female dwarf named Thori. Each of them is armed with a trident and net.
Smoke and the scent of roasting meat comes from a woodsman's camp.
A silver fox perches atop a stone cairn, watching the road.
A group of peasants digging a well. They are quarreling about how many demons have possessed the local cleric.
A male halfling pilgrim named Gundo. He believes that the world is about to be destroyed.
A male dwarf hermit named Thrinain. He believes that he is the king of the realm.
A wandering company of grim mercenaries in search of employment.
A female elf pilgrim named Ilaltas. She is bearing a coffer of coins and gemstones to the Temple of Flames.
A black cat walks along the road, carrying a platinum key.
A gargoyle watches the road from atop a tall volcanic outcrop.