A recently-constructed stone wall conceals a slumbering blue dragon.
A magical pool of water momentarily shows a gang of goblins attacking an inn.
A stone sarcophagus sits within an alcove.
A gang of merciless orc warriors. They seem to be searching the floor for something.
A corrosive black ooze clings to the ceiling.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a slumbering red dragon.
A shallow pool of blood covers the floor.
A magical eye conjures an illusory assassin demon.
A magical ear triggers a bladed pendulum trap.
A gust of anti-magic extinguishes magical sources of light.
A magical eye triggers a jet of poisonous gas.
A female vampire studying an ancient tome. She is well-armored and wields a blade of ice.
A flesh golem stands guard over an ancient library, turned to dust long ago.
A tile labyrinth covers the floor.
A magical ear conjures an illusory fire demon.
A large demonic idol with ruby eyes sits within an alcove.
A sword stands embedded in a block of obsidian. Trying to remove it triggers a spray of acid.
A spiral stairs ascends one level. Near the bottom, the stairs forks into two directions.
A pack of zombies tears apart the corpses of a company of adventurers.
Further passage is hindered by a narrow chasm.
Several giant spiders have filled the area with thick, strong webs.
A male elf lich conducting necromantic experiments. He is guarded by a white dragon.
Luminous slime mould grows on the corpse of an ogre.
A massive bladed pendulum swings back and forth at regular intervals.
A shallow pool of quicksilver covers the floor.
A gang of ogres stands off against a rival gang from the same clan.
A tripwire triggers a cloud of blinding gas.
Several withered corpses suddenly rise as zombies, athirst for blood.
The air here is filled with swirling clouds of smoke.
The floor, though of solid stone, ripples like water when touched.
An enraged water elemental suddenly bursts through a wooden door.
Several wraiths lurk in the shadows of the high domed ceiling.
Further passage is blocked by a cloud of poisonous fumes.
A recently-constructed stone wall conceals a female dwarf sorceress imprisoned by invisible chains of force.
A company of skeletal warriors armed with blades of fire.
A water elemental suddenly appears and then vanishes.
Numerous monstrous skulls lie within niches in the wall.
A magical lantern summons a fire elemental to serve whomever sets it alight (but only once).
An open pit trap.
An approaching female elf adventurer suddenly succumbs to a poisoned wound.
The petrified form of a male elf thief stands here.
A magical brazier grants immunity to fire (for one day) to whomever sets it alight.
A magical pool of water momentarily shows the reflection of a bone devil.
A clay golem stands guard over a magical portal.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a long-forgotten shrine.
A fiendish laugh echoes through the dungeon.
A steel sword floats within a cube of ooze.
Further passage is hindered by a locked bronze door and poisoned dart trap.
A gust of wind extinguishes candles, torches, and other open flames.
A shallow pool of water covers the floor.
The air here is filled with tendrils of magical darkness.
A flesh golem stands guard over the Blade of Obsidian.
An iron sarcophagus sits within an alcove.
The ceiling suddenly bursts and unleashes a raging torrent of water.
A teleporter room sends creatures to the surface near the dungeon.
An earth elemental stands guard over a brain preserved in a jar of clear ichor.
The ghost of a female halfling cleric haunts this place. She is utterly hateful, and attacks without reason.
The air here is filled with dancing wisps of smoke.
A deafening thunderclap echoes through the dungeon.
A deep pit trap filled with flames.
A magical ear triggers a poisoned dart trap.
Burning torches in iron sconces line the walls.
An inclined fissure descends one level.
A magical mouth appears and utters a personal insult.
A magical mirror answers questions with lies and falsehoods.
A magical mirror answers questions with insults.
A gang of cruel bugbear marauders. Each of them is armed with a spear and darts, all stained with poison.
A tripwire triggers a spray of acid.
A massive bladed pendulum swings in complex patterns over the floor.
A group of orc sorcerers have gathered to negotiate a pact with a horned devil.
A group of demonic faces have been carved into the walls.
An earth elemental suddenly appears and then vanishes.
Several skeletons chained to the wall begin whispering to each other.
Yellow slime mould grows on the corpse of a hydra.
An elevator room rises two levels.
Several pallid ghouls lurk beneath a pile of skulls and bones.
Further passage is hindered by a door concealed within a horrific torture device.
A magical eye summons a fire demon.
A circle of lit candles stands upon the floor.
A swarm of vampire bats fills the area with black wings and screeches.
The temperature suddenly drops slightly.
A magical ear triggers a spray of acid.
A camouflaged pit trap filled with a swarm of spiders.
A fire giant works at a huge forge, crafting armor and weapons.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a war devil imprisoned within an invisible cage of force.
The unearthly howl of a monstrous beast echoes through the dungeon.
A pack of zombies, each with spikes pierced outward through its flesh.
The ghost of a male human cleric haunts this place. He attacks anything which approaches the last remaining shard of his skull.
The walls here have been engraved with endless spirals.
Further passage is blocked by a series of locked and trapped bronze doors.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a long-forgotten altar.
A gang of kobolds mining for coal.
Luminous mould grows on the corpse of an ogre.
A golden idol rests upon a pedestal of stone. Trying to remove it triggers a bladed pendulum trap.
A magical shrine heals all wounds of whomever sacrifices a magical item (but only once).
A gang of ettins stands off against another gang from a different clan.
A magical ear summons a fire demon.
A demonic giant centipede, dripping acid from its jagged fangs.
A group of orc sorcerers have gathered to sacrifice an elven maiden.
Further passage is blocked by a wall of fire.
A magical ear conjures an illusory fang demon.
A magical pool of water momentarily shows an assassin murdering an ally.
A magical ear triggers a sliding wall behind to block passage.
The air here is filled with wisps of sulphurous smoke.
An ogre vampire accompanied by a seven-headed hydra.
A wide stairs ascends one level. Near the top, the stairs suddenly collapse.
A small basilisk lurks in the darkness beneath a ruined altar.
A horned devil stands imprisoned within an invisible cage of force.
A magical ear summons an ice devil.
A fire demon scrys a distant kingdom as fire rains upon it.
A gang of ogres stands off against a red dragon.
A stone golem stands defensively over the corpse of a female elf mage.
A magical brazier summons a fire elemental to serve whomever sets it alight (but only once).
A gang of kobolds negotiating a pact with a horned devil.
A brass lantern floats within a cube of ooze.
A gang of savage orc warriors. They are bloodied and fleeing from an air elemental.
An armored human-like skeleton slowly dissolves within a cube of ooze.
A colony of luminous mushrooms grows on the floor and walls.
A tripwire triggers a spear trap.
An illusory iron bridge spans a fiery pit.
A corrosive green ooze lurks within a hole in the ceiling.
A red dragon named Dita. He seeks to fulfill an ancient prophecy of evil.
A basilisk lurks amidst petrified forms, each gnawed beyond reconition.
A basilisk lurks somewhere within a smoke-filled chamber.
A gang of troglodytes summoning a fire demon.
A fire elemental suddenly appears and then vanishes.
A pile of skulls and bones suddenly rises as undead skeletons.
Further passage is hindered by a door smeared with poisonous slime.
A pack of zombies covered with some sort of deadly red mould.
A bugbear vampire accompanied by a swarm of giant spiders.
The floor is covered in square tiles, alternating white and black.
A white dragon named Annimmash. He protects the phylactery of a long-forgotten lich.
Strange mould grows on the floor and walls.
A rotting wooden stairs descends one level through a narrow chasm.
A frost giant tends to a pack of huge white wolves.
A golden idol rests upon a pedestal of stone. Trying to remove it triggers a spear trap.
A camouflaged pit trap filled with flames.
A male elf warrior named Anen has lost his weapons and equipment, and begs for help.
A magical ear activates a clockwork killer.
A wide pit has been completely filled with rotting corpses.
A male dwarf wizard named Dinan has lost his company and his way, and begs for help.
A colony of yellow mushrooms grows on an old wooden chest.
An inclined tunnel descends one level.
A magical brazier blinds whomever sets it alight.
A monstrous ogre ghoul wielding a massive spiked club.
A narrow fissure descends into a natural cavern below.
A flesh golem stands guard over a necromancer's workshop.
A golden idol rests upon a pedestal of stone. Trying to remove it triggers a cloud of poisonous gas.
A spiral stairs ascends one level.
A magical mouth appears and utters "Beware the rats".
Further passage is blocked by a cloud of poisonous smoke.
The floor suddenly collapses into a natural cavern below.
A tripwire triggers a collapsing floor.
The temperature suddenly drops greatly.
A gang of troglodytes stands off against another gang from a different clan.
A demonic giant spider lurks at the center of a web of darkness.
Luminous mould grows on the floor and walls.
Further passage is blocked by a fiery pit.
A female dwarf lich named Suintho. She is guarded by a swarm of wraiths.
A teleporter room sends creatures to the Black Labyrinth of Evil.
A tripwire triggers a petrifying ray.
Several petrified troglodytes begin whispering to each other.
Further passage is blocked by a collapse of stone rubble.
Skeletons hang from chains and manacles against the walls.
A recently-constructed stone wall conceals a male elf mage imprisoned within a crystalline cyst.
An assassin demon tortures a male halfling paladin.
A gang of brutal cyclopes. Each of them is wearing a cloak of chains.
The ghost of a female halfling wizard haunts this place. She is utterly hateful, and attacks without reason.
Spidery veins in the wall pulsate with a fell ichor.
A magical pool of water momentarily shows a horde of brutal ettins razing a city.
A recently-constructed stone wall conceals a slumbering white dragon.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a slumbering blue dragon.
Further passage is blocked by a wall of petrified kobolds.
A corrosive black slime clings to the ceiling.
An approaching female halfling warrior is suddenly crushed by falling rocks.
A chimera has made its lair in a cavern amidst several petrified trolls.
A gang of tough trolls. They appear to be consumed by disease, and are nearly blind.
A recently-constructed stone wall conceals a war devil imprisoned within a crystalline cyst.
Further passage is blocked by a wall of petrified goblins.
A stone giant mines for iron in a tunnel.
A pack of wraiths suddenly disappears, only to attack later.
A gang of goblins mining for alchemical ores.
A frost-breathing five-headed hydra stands chained before a huge stone door.
A stone sarcophagus suddenly shatters into pieces.
A camouflaged pit trap.
A corrosive gray slime clings to the ceiling.
Further passage is blocked by a massive block of stone.
A colony of luminous mushrooms grows on the corpse of a dragon.
A pressure plate triggers a collapsing ceiling ahead to block passage.
A fierce chimera stands guard over a skull set with topaz.
An illusory wooden door fills an open archway.
A male dwarf wizard's corpse is partly embedded in the wall.
An elevator room descends one level.
An undead ettin skeleton stands guard over an empty hole in the floor.
A pressure plate triggers a poisoned dart trap.
A narrow shaft descends into the next dungeon level down.
A wraith lurks inside a deep crack in the wall.
A wall suddenly collapses, revealing a long-sealed tomb.
A gang of kobolds gathering cave fish.
A magical pool of water momentarily shows an assassin murdering a friend.
Several demonic faces carved into the wall begin whispering to each other.
A magical eye activates a lightning-throwing turret.
A pressure plate triggers a sliding wall ahead to block passage.
An assassin demon unweaves an ancient spell of protection.
A young chimera hides amidst the rotting corpses of its parents.
A male halfling thief named Rarder has lost his company and his way, and begs for help.
Further passage is hindered by a chamber flooded with water.
A female human lich studying an ancient tome. She is guarded by a gargoyle.
A wandering kobold is suddenly engulfed by a falling mass of black slime.
An ogre vampire feeds upon a male human.
Several flesh-eating ghouls lurk beneath a pile of skulls and bones.
A gang of troglodytes gathering water.
A swarm of giant centipedes scuttles across the floor.
A gang of kobolds mining for gemstones.
A magical ear summons a fire elemental.
A magical ear conjures an illusory shadow demon.
An undead dragon skeleton stands guard over the corpse of a necromancer.
A magical mural depicts the gruesome death of whomever views it.
A narrow stairs descends one level.
A company of skeletal archers stands behind a wooden palisade.
A red dragon named Puaba. She protects the phylactery of a long-forgotten lich.
An enraged air elemental suddenly bursts through a wooden door.
A swarm of rat zombies scuttles across the floor.
A magical eye triggers an arrow trap.
A magical mural can be used as a portal to any known location within the dungeon.