An elf named Eleror seeks a company of adventurers to clear his name against charges of forgery. However, the quest is a trap.
A cryptic ex-adventurer named Wulfa seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of a company of explorers lost in the Desert of Giants. However, his information is completely wrong.
An elf named Elror seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the Bastion of Naidita. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a war.
An ex-adventurer named Walda seeks a company of adventurers to clear his name against charges of heresy.
An aristocrat named Guire seeks a company of adventurers to expose a corrupt aristocrat who serves Amummas the Demon Knight. Moreover, the party must complete the quest within 7 days.
An elven lady named Molia seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Leviathan of the Emerald Sea and retrieve its eyes. Moreover, the party cannot use arcane magic in their quest.
A charming sage named Pusileo seeks a company of adventurers to explore the Hyccela Bluffs. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a natural disaster.
A frantic elf named Enel seeks a company of adventurers to escort the maul Empyrean Subjugator safely to the village of Wreydon.
A merchant named Balde seeks a company of adventurers to expose a corrupt aristocrat who serves Bapha the Baatorian.
An angry dwarf named Jalmri seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Wyrm of the Jinai Steppe and retrieve a vial of its blood.
A priest named Crophesias seeks a company of adventurers to escort a group of pilgrims safely to the dwarven town of Bosidalr.
A noblewoman named Lione seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Esclas from the cultists of Kubithee.
An arrogant ex-adventurer named Helwiu seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the cunning rogue Rithead. Moreover, the party cannot use arcane magic in their quest.
An aristocrat named Guigui seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Aelois from the trolls of the Hellgate Plains.
A cunning ex-adventurer named Elil Foxe seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the Bastion of the Demon Empress. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A sage named Iotior seeks a company of adventurers to recover a caravan of exotic goods from the cultists of Tsathle.
A wealthy priest named Sosippae seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Serpent of Gismundua and retrieve its hide.
An arrogant aristocrat named Chibern seeks a company of adventurers to protect him from the assassins of the Devil of the Whispering Mire. However, his information is completely wrong.
An angry merchant named Alent Porte seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the legendary thief Wlfrigthwe. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A guarded elf named Adahin seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the Vaults of Fallen Secrets. Moreover, the party encounters an old ally now working against them.
A sage named Donusos seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the lost city of Lloughy in the Naramunz Spires. Moreover, the party cannot use weapons in their quest.
A merchant named Anthond Drere seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the Shrine of Bloody Woe. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a war.
A frantic priest named Andron seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and kill Beramma the Crimson. Moreover, the party must complete the quest without killing anyone.
A noblewoman named Aelias seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the notorious highwayman Brude. Moreover, the party must complete the quest before a rival party does.
A cunning elf named Dubno seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Beast of the Iron Moor and retrieve a vial of its blood. Moreover, the party encounters an old ally now working against them.
A merchant named Wine seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Wyrm of the Serpent's Jungle and retrieve a vial of its blood.
An aristocrat named Beri seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of the Vampire of the Zahundush Crags.
A haunted priest named Alcon seeks a company of adventurers to protect him from the assassins of Suilila the Warlock. Moreover, the party must complete the quest within 7 days.
An ancient noblewoman named Made seeks a company of adventurers to expose a corrupt aristocrat who serves the Vampire of the Raqcha Jungle.
A cryptic merchant named Cyne seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of Fridusi the Crimson. However, the quest is a trap.
An ancient ex-adventurer named Ormeth seeks a company of adventurers to steal a valued family heirloom from a rival.
A dwarf named Thrinarv seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the remorseless killer Tharisma.
A wealthy priest named Phestiasandr seeks a company of adventurers to expose a corrupt aristocrat who serves the Demon of the Lloughy Forest. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a terrible plague.
An arrogant elf named Golemmoth seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of an order of scholars and mages lost in the Paetta Bluffs.
An ancient dwarf named Uthorn Frineson seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and kill Alar the Unearthly.
An ex-adventurer named Ebert seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of the Dragon of the Dreadwood Vale. However, the quest is a trap.
A haunted merchant named Bertio seeks a company of adventurers to protect him from the assassins of Wulfela the Crimson.
A shady priest named Coeristo seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and kill the Wraith of the Camebo Jungle.
A dwarf named Duri seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the city of Earthhyrst from the Vampire of the Mineh Desert.
A frantic dwarf named Folkvi Therlison seeks a company of adventurers to escort The Patrionic Esoterica safely to the village of Cegrove. Moreover, the party encounters an old ally now working against them.
An arrogant noblewoman named Mantie seeks a company of adventurers to investigate mysterious lights which appear in the Sunless Moor.
A priest named Achallos seeks a company of adventurers to steal the spear Heartkiller from a rival.
A guarded sage named Abos seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of Sunabi the Eldritch.
An angry priest named Henico seeks a company of adventurers to discover who is murdering his peers, and why.
A cryptic sage named Hionesaul seeks a company of adventurers to investigate the mysterious disappearance of Corwe in the Carda Vale. Moreover, the party must complete the quest without leaving any trace of their involvement.
A shady merchant named Berther seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the legendary thief Wulfa.
An ex-adventurer named Beohrtio seeks a company of adventurers to escort a powerful arcane device safely to the town of Deahill. Moreover, the party must complete the quest at a specific time, 8 days from now.
A priest named Losippae seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Elent from the pirates of the Sea of Bele. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a natural disaster.
An angry priest named Lysosius seeks a company of adventurers to expose a corrupt aristocrat who serves the Vampire of the Gloomwood Forest. However, his information is completely wrong.
An arrogant ex-adventurer named Eangyth seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of a company of explorers lost in the Sunless Moor.
A wary elven lady named Mithrielye seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the village of Cafeld from the Wraith of the Taytamba Jungle.
An angry aristocrat named Guilhan seeks a company of adventurers to discover who is murdering his peers, and why.
An aristocrat named Imos seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the ruins of Hlestow Stronghold. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A priest named Adenes seeks a company of adventurers to explore the Shalkhoy Desert. Moreover, the party cannot use arcane magic in their quest.
A cryptic noblewoman named Liona seeks a company of adventurers to clear her name against charges of forgery. However, the quest is a trap.
An ex-adventurer named Elyn seeks a company of adventurers to escort the maul Celestial Violence safely to the city of Unwold. However, her information is completely wrong.
A merchant named Hearda seeks a company of adventurers to discover who is murdering his peers, and why. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a terrible plague.
A dwarf named Aghas seeks a company of adventurers to explore the Sheledzar Crags.
A noblewoman named Labauss seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Dragon of Hisusi and retrieve its teeth.
A frantic sage named Mneusido seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Horror of Fricusi and retrieve its eyes. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
An ancient aristocrat named Aicard seeks a company of adventurers to steal a caravan of exotic goods from a rival. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a war.
A cunning elven lady named Ennalb seeks a company of adventurers to escort a caravan of exotic goods safely to the village of Boowold. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A cunning ex-adventurer named Athyed seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Ansas from the cultists of Ghoa-Ythorl. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A wealthy elven lady named Becha seeks a company of adventurers to recover a caravan of exotic goods from the brigands of the Riven Jungle.
A wary ex-adventurer named Enburg seeks a company of adventurers to clear her name against charges of treason. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a natural disaster.
A charming elf named Ellalan seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the dwarven town of Omarklif from Kas the Bloody.
A shady elf named Cane seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Bethain from the cultists of Zath-Agoth. Moreover, the party must complete the quest at a specific time, 7 days from now.
A wary noblewoman named Liane seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of the Dragon of the Blighted Vale. However, the quest is a trap.
A shady elven lady named Mirie seeks a company of adventurers to clear her name against charges of heresy.
A wealthy aristocrat named Sego seeks a company of adventurers to find and explore the ancient ruins of the Citadel of Larica.
An aristocrat named Aumes seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the town of Coaford from Anariund the Lich Countess.
A guarded priest named Asinus seeks a company of adventurers to investigate pillars of arcane fire in the Poisoned Weald. However, his information is completely wrong.
A guarded merchant named Amew Rayte seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Wyrm of Larica and retrieve its brain. Moreover, the party encounters an old ally now working against them.
A frantic aristocrat named Bertis seeks a company of adventurers to escort his daughter safely to the dwarven town of Zundinarg. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A wary elven lady named Lote seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the lady Bonda from the ogres of the Arargun Highlands. Moreover, the party must complete the quest within 8 days.
A haunted merchant named Geoffry Lylley seeks a company of adventurers to escort the Relic of Hielik safely to the village of Liford.
A shady merchant named Chelry seeks a company of adventurers to discover who is murdering his peers, and why.
A wealthy merchant named Gery seeks a company of adventurers to slay the Leviathan of the Sea of Antion and retrieve its head.
A priest named Idas seeks a company of adventurers to steal The Schiososipp Tablets from a rival. Moreover, the party must complete the quest without killing anyone.
A charming elf named Catha seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and capture the cunning rogue Bertio. Moreover, the party encounters an old ally now working against them.
An ex-adventurer named Walteph seeks a company of adventurers to protect him from the assassins of Sumidu the Vampire Warlord.
A haunted dwarf named Nainan seeks a company of adventurers to recover and destroy an evil artifact from the ruins of Taywich Stronghold. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
An elf named Missio seeks a company of adventurers to escort a caravan of exotic goods safely to the town of Elheath.
A merchant named Raffin seeks a company of adventurers to steal the Relic of Jeha from a rival. Moreover, the party must complete the quest amidst a war.
An ex-adventurer named Wine seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of a company of explorers lost in the Orcmoor Fen.
A cryptic elf named Minare seeks a company of adventurers to rescue the dwarven city of Buzinbun from the Devil of the Jungle of Secrets. However, his information is completely wrong.
An elven lady named Nelaser seeks a company of adventurers to clear her name against charges of heresy. Moreover, the party must complete the quest at a specific time, 5 days from now.
An aristocrat named Rogo seeks a company of adventurers to explore the Mami Waste.
A dwarf named Neni Stileson seeks a company of adventurers to explore the Argent Vale.
A frantic elf named Finda seeks a company of adventurers to recover the spear Spiritblade from the pirates of the Sea of Aleos.
A noblewoman named Armor seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of an order of scholars and mages lost in the Glaive March. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A noblewoman named Amas seeks a company of adventurers to find and explore the ancient ruins of Mistfen Keep.
A frantic elven lady named Nerwenye seeks a company of adventurers to discover the fate of a company of explorers lost in the Nargila Highlands. However, her information is completely wrong.
An ex-adventurer named Wena seeks a company of adventurers to thwart the monstrous plan of Aran the Ghastly. However, her information is completely wrong.
A dwarf named Avan seeks a company of adventurers to escort Dalay's Codex of Summons safely to the dwarven village of Barakzar. However, the quest is a trap.
A merchant named Jamart Borne seeks a company of adventurers to find and explore the ancient ruins of the Tower of the Demon Duchess.
A dwarf named Agbar seeks a company of adventurers to clear his name against charges of heresy.
An elf named Cula seeks a company of adventurers to hunt down and kill Beha the Lich Emperor. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.
A priest named Phusaule seeks a company of adventurers to clear his name against charges of heresy.
A merchant named Wine seeks a company of adventurers to steal The Lane Apocrypha from a rival. However, the party soon finds itself facing a moral quandry.