Menusyagr's Folio of the Elements, a set of inscribed wooden slates contained in a lacquered hawthorn box. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by starlight.
The Vinda Shards, a folio of parchments contained in a simple wooden box. A map of the local area, with several landmarks drawn in red ink, has been added near the back of the tome.
The Grimoire of Gili, an impressive book bound in leather with bronze hinges and fittings. It once belonged to the legendary wizard Gili, who slew the Behemoth of Cusarnia.
The Book of Superstitions, an obscure tome written upon paper. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by tracing a pattern inscribed upon it.
Bori's Grimoire of Cataclysm, a rare compendium written in red wax upon parchment. It once belonged to the human enchanter Bori, leader of the Gray Order.
Euthyphon's Grimoire of the Heavens, a set of scrolls contained in a simple wooden box. When first opened, the reader becomes left-handed.
The Enchiridion of Superstitions, an ancient compendium written upon linen pages. When first opened, it unleashes a column of brilliant light.
Bana's Folio of Psionic Aberrations, a large libram bound in leather trimmed with sable fur. Several of its pages are cemented together with sulphurous pitch.
Pitthyro's Manuscripts, a folio of parchments bound by leather cords. When first opened, it unleashes unearthly music.
Enetos' Compendium of Evil, a set of engraved bronze plates contained in a bronze coffer. Several of its pages appear to have been replaced with crude forgeries.
The Libram of War Wizardry, a tome written in fiery runes. It is said to be sought by the arch-fiend Lory.
The Book of Vampires, an obscure compendium written in fiery runes upon silk pages. A map of the local area, with several landmarks drawn in red ink, has been added in the middle of the tome.
The Fiendish Articles of Axinas, an obscure compendium written in luminous script. It is said to be haunted by the ghost of the renowned sorcerer Axinas, who defeated the Vampire of the Dhabu Desert.
Moni's Compendium of Omens and Portents, an obscure book bound in platinum plates and locked. It once belonged to the elf alchemist Moni, who fell in the Battle of Gruesome Invocations.
Kharkar's Libram of Illusions, a book bound in monstrous hide. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by a drop of mercury.
Thratelch's Articles, a book bound in brass plates and locked. It is said to be sought by Zepaz.
Musiusan's Scrolls of Artifice, a set of inscribed bones contained in a lacquered hazel box. It is sealed by fell wards, and can be opened only within the Dread Undercrypt of Terror.
Lysitho's Tome of Cataclysm, a compendium bound in electrum plates set with tourmaline. Many of its pages are marked with drops of blood.
The Baatorian Leaves of Saloy, a set of scrolls contained in a lacquered rowan box. It was written by the halfling mage Saloy, who slew the Dragon of Gildoinio.
Geda's Manuscripts, a compendium written upon parchment. An arcane dungeon map has been added in the middle of the tome.
The Eldritch Apocrypha of Mare, a book bound in stained glass plates. It is said to be sought by the demon lord Maraie.
Amphistaeus' Leaves, a flawless tome bound in leather trimmed with mink fur. It was written by a god of love for the illustrious artificer Amphistaeus.
Gili's Book of Mythology, a libram written in pitch upon silk pages. It is sealed by fell wards, and can be opened only within the Lair of Gothmog of Udun.
The Ziged Fragments, a folio of parchments contained in a lacquered hawthorn box. It is said to be cursed, and all who read it are wracked by pain.
The Enchiridion of Arippus, a tome written in pitch. A list of names, of which several have been crossed out, has been added near the front of the tome.
The Libram of Flames, a compendium bound in pewter plates set with chrysoberyl. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by answering the riddle inscribed upon it.
The Malefic Folio of Gili, a compendium written in pitch. Several of its pages are cemented together with sulphurous pitch.
Coga's Manuscripts of Magical Beasts, a heavy libram written upon silk pages. It is said to be haunted by the ghost of the great artificer Coga, who vanished in the Lost Vaults of Terror.
The Accursed Scripture of Glaine, a large tome written in illuminated script. It was written by the elves of the arcane city of Tenby.
Bari's Codex of Pyrokinesis, a set of inscribed wooden slates contained in a blackthorn puzzle box. Several of its pages appear to have been replaced with crude forgeries.
The Wicked Parchments of Cormi, a set of engraved stone slates contained in a locked bronze coffer. An arcane dungeon map has been added in the middle of the tome.
Dainan's Libram of Demons and Fiends, a set of inscribed bones contained in a leather case trimmed with rabbit fur. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by tracing a pattern inscribed upon it.
Arbes' Articles, a libram written in luminous script. It is said to be sought by the Vampire Duchess.
The Banain Incunabulum, a book written in fiery runes. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by speaking a command word.
Thali's Manuscripts, a compendium bound in stained glass plates. Many of its pages are marked with drops of blood.
Furi's Scrolls, a folio of parchments bound by a fine chain. It is locked by magic, and can be opened only by arcane light.
The Tome of Akad, a libram written in red wax upon paper. A seemingly unrelated list of materials has been added near the front of the tome.
The Eternal Compendium of Phoclyco, a set of scrolls contained in a leather case. It was written by the wizards and sages of the Academy of Arcane Devices.
The Elysian Enchiridion of Cuila, a large compendium bound in leather. It once belonged to the renowned sorcerer Cuila, who slew the Hydra of Gildege.
Ziri's Enchiridion of Revelations, a set of scrolls contained in a locked steel coffer. It once belonged to the renowned artificer Ziri, leader of the Gray Company.
The Astral Codex of Ererc, a set of inscribed bones wrapped in linen cloth. It was written by the elves of the arcane city of Porthy.
The Demonic Articles of Pollusel, a book written in black wax upon silk pages. When first opened, it unleashes a luminous magic circle.
The Damned Manuscripts of Mora, a tome written in black wax upon paper. It was written by the wizards and sages of the College of Sorcerous Study.
The Eldritch Esoterica of Armaic, a libram bound in stained glass plates. A list of names, of which several have been crossed out, has been added near the back of the tome.
The Luminous Grimoire of Heognusius, a folio of parchments contained in a birch puzzle box. It once belonged to the illustrious necromancer Heognusius, leader of the Fellowship of the Dagger and Sword.
The Tome of the Elemental Planes, a book bound in stained glass plates. It is sealed by fell wards, and can be opened only within the Delve of Mighty Doom.
Balla's Manuscripts, a set of engraved stone slates contained in a hawthorn box inlaid with iron. It is sealed by holy wards, and can be opened only within the Temple of Euphoria.
Thratur's Leaves, a compendium written in black wax. It is sealed by fate, and only the Lord of Nightmares can open it.
Diarmi's Scripture of Deities and Demigods, a folio of parchments contained in a lacquered elder box. It once belonged to the illustrious wizard Diarmi, who defeated Mosha the Gargoyle Emperor.
The Unearthly Incunabulum of Emegos, a tome written in fiery runes upon parchment. It was written by a sun goddess for the renowned archmage Emegos.